Citronkaka

Botten:
    113.5 g salt smör
    125 g mjöl
    30 g florsocker
    1 tsk vaniljsocker

Citronfyllning:

    200 g socker
    120 g pressad citronjuice + rivet skal
    3 ägg
    30 g mjöl 1/2 dl
    florsocker 

Instructions
Sätt ugnen på 175 grader.
Lägg bakplåtspapper i en form storlek typ 20x25cm


    Spray 8x8 or 9x9 square glass baking pan with nonstick cooking spray and line parchment paper (optional). Lightly spray parchment with more cooking spray and set aside. Preheat oven to 175 degrees.

For the shortbread crust:

    In a medium-sized bowl, mix butter, flour, powdered sugar, and vanilla until a dough starts to form. If you notice the dough not coming together, your butter may be too cold. Mix with your hands so the heat from your hands can help bring the dough together. 
    Press dough evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake 12-15 minutes or until edges are barely golden brown.

For the lemon filling:

    While crust bakes, make the lemon filling. Whisk sugar together with lemon juice, eggs, and flour. Once the crust is done baking, pour lemon filling over hot crust.
    Bake 20 minutes or until set. Cool completely, cut into squares and top with powdered sugar.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ingredients
Shortbread Crust:

    1/2 cup butter , at room temperature
    1/4 cup powdered sugar
    1 cup all-purpose flour
    dash of salt

Lemon Filling:

    Zest of one large lemon
    1 cup granulated sugar
    3 Tablespoons fresh lemon juice
    3 Tablespoons all-purpose flour
    1/2 teaspoon baking powder
    2 large eggs

Instructions

    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of an 8'' pan with parchment paper, or grease with cooking spray and set aside
    For the crust: In a mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter and powdered sugar. Add the flour and salt and mix on low speed, just until combined. 
    Press the dough evenly into the bottom of the prepared dish. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside.
    While the crust cools, make the lemon filling. 
    Mix the lemon zest and sugar in a mixing bowl. Add the lemon juice, flour, baking powder, and eggs. Mix until well combined and the sugar is dissolved. Pour mixture over crust.
    Bake at 350 degrees for 20-30 more minutes, or until the filling has set. Remove from oven and allow to cool completely. 
    Sprinkle with powdered sugar before cutting and serving. Store lemon bars in the refrigerator.



  
