Currygryta Veggo


https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetables-recipes/veggie-korma-mock-cauliflower-pilau



Ingredients
1 heaped teaspoon flaked almonds
2 large sweet potatoes
olive oil
1 red onion
2 cloves of garlic
1 thumb-sized piece of ginger
1/2 a bunch of fresh coriander (15g)
1/2-1 fresh red chilli, (optional)
1 handful of curry leaves
1 heaped tablespoon korma curry paste
1 x 400 g tin of chickpeas kikärtor
1 large cauliflower blomkål
1/2-1 lemon
50 g feta cheese, (optional)
4 tablespoons fat-free natural yoghurt

Start by toasting the almonds in a large casserole pan until lightly golden, then tip out and set aside. Scrub the sweet potatoes clean, then cut into 4cm chunks and put them into the pan on a medium heat with a lug of oil. Fry for about 5 minutes, or until golden, while you peel the onion, garlic and ginger, then finely slice them with the coriander stalks and chilli (if using – it will give the sauce a real kick). Add the curry leaves to the pan and stir for 1 minute, then add all the sliced veg with the curry paste and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until the onions have softened, stirring occasionally. Add the chickpeas (juice and all) with 600ml of boiling water, then bring everything to the boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for around 30 minutes, or until thickened.

Meanwhile, click off and chop the cauliflower leaves, then finely slice the stalk and add both to the curry for the rest of the cooking time. Cut the florets into even-sized chunks and pulse in a food processor until it's the same texture and size as rice. Tip it into a microwave-safe dish and cover. Steam or microwave the cauliflower on high for 7 minutes, or until cooked through, just before serving.

Add a good squeeze of lemon juice to the curry, then season to perfection and crumble over the feta (if using – I think of it here as a nod towards Indian paneer, and it adds a lovely subtle bit of extra flavour). Dollop over the yoghurt and stir it through for that korma creaminess (or serve on the side, if you prefer), then sprinkle with coriander leaves and the toasted almonds. Tip the cauliflower on to a nice serving platter, and dig in. 